hey guys it's Jen and welcome to day
three of vlogmas today I will be doing a
chip shark all excited about this ask
her all my hauls I will try on the
clothes giving you guys my review my
honest review about sizing fits the
overall review of the company I'll tell
you my sizes what I liked what I didn't
like what I think it's worth it this is
not a sponsored video I don't receive
anything if you purchase anything it's
just if you like some things that I've
tried on go ahead and purchase it if you
want or don't I don't have any
investment in it provide direct links
down below to all the items that if you
do you want to go ahead and purchase you
have an option to if you're new here
please subscribe or if you're here a lot
and you haven't subscribed please do
that it helps me out so much and my
channel and I would just really really
appreciate it and stick to the end of
this video because I'll give an overall
honest review of Chim shark so I'm gonna
go ahead and take a beat while you
subscribe mystery items are actually
going to currently win I usually talked
about it and then play the clip but
because I'm wearing right now and it
can't hold it I'll play the clip now and
then I'll talk about it
alright soldier can't go on invest man
there's a kiss
[Music]
classic twist
so as you can see the crop-top or sports
bra fits more with sports bra has a
really cool intricate detailing in the
back where it kind of crosses over and I
love the Brandon elements like this
little band for instance I'm such a huge
fan and I love the fact also
complimented on the pants and actually
before Jim shark I don't think I've ever
worn colored leggings before like I'm
very much like a black Willie Lewis type
of girl wearing an extra small on the
top and a small and pants I also did
purchase extra small in one of the pant
sizes as well I think the small or extra
small obviously works I didn't notice a
huge difference for me between the two
fits but may be visually you'll be able
to see it's band is actually pretty good
because I have a really small waist and
it's not so far it's not like coming
down when I work out I worked out in the
black pair which are small as well and
those do I didn't notice any sort of
like I don't have to pull them up all
the time or anything like I'm so
surprised I like myself in the blue
pants to be honest because that's kind
of like I don't know if I'm gonna like
myself in colored leggings like I just
don't know if I will but I tried it on
in like the blue was my favorite moreso
than the black which was really
surprising to me so it might mean that
I'm just like getting over my fear of
wearing colored leggings or that Kim
chakra that knows what they're doing
either way
it's definitely like you could tell it's
for athletic wear but I would definitely
recommend these more for weight lifting
than I would for a huge cardio day on a
cardio day I would definitely wear my
all the right places pant by Lululemon
cuz it's just like a little bit more
compression whereas I feel like these
are a blend of like athleisure but could
definitely be worn on your weight day
for me I do mostly like weight plyo
circuit training versus like running I
used to be a huge runner but I'm not
anymore to do it video on why later but
anyway for the type of style
workout I did announce is actually
really perfect or if you were doing like
yoga or spin class that sort of thing
even if you're gonna go on like a
20-mile run this is not what I would
wear as far as the sports bra goes it's
not like double-reinforced
so if you're somebody who has a larger
chest then you would maybe even need to
wear like I'm a secondary bra underneath
or like acute you know like the cute
crisscross bras or something like that
to give it a little bit more coverage I
think the girls in into the cut of the
sports bras I like the little detailing
like the crisscross in the back overall
it just was like a nice quality it's
really soft but again I wouldn't run in
this but I would lift weights in it it's
not making sense
the next item is also an e small I think
yep this is the exact same pants I'm
wearing now but in black and then they
hung the classic like Jim shark band
which I love and am I trying to figure
out a way to explain this fabric to you
guys like it's stretchy but soft at the
same time but it also feels like
compression okay so this is 80 percent
nylon if you know what nylon feels like
it's basically what this feels like but
a really nice nylon since our ears but
the waistband is tight at least for now
be over time the waistband will loosen
up but because it really like holes if
it's your stomach really they don't know
like non-being way of saying not but it
just because it gives a little friction
it just kind of like tightens up your
tummy a little bit I don't know if you
know what I'm talking about but I think
it looks really nice and that could be
because they're just new and small but I
really like it the only thing I would
say on all the smalls if I have extra
fabric i'm 5-4 so and relatively small
so I think if you were taller you
wouldn't have the extra fabric and
bother me like it's just like a little
ruching on the bottom which I'm totally
cool with but if that's something that
would bother you then you might have to
get
Taylor and all not purchase these if
you're shorter I really liked the block
I think they're simple it had to head
with my black Lululemon's just
contrasting like the two black leggings
I would pick my Lululemon's only because
I love the pockets the pockets on the
side allow me to put my phone on the
side of my leg while I will lift weights
and that's just so I'm busted my beats
like my wireless beats headphones so my
my phone has to be on me because it's
connected to my ears
and so those pants really enable me to
do that but if you're something food
like has Wireless or you don't really
care then it doesn't matter but if
you're a huge pocket person and you're
deciding between like the Lululemon's
with the side pockets or Jim shark I
would pick glulam it's in that case
there are a lot of promo Jim shark
obviously and I like their colored
leggings way more than any colored
legging I've seen from Lululemon on the
black Paris I seem to twist I think I'm
fine
[Music]
this is a little bit of a break from
athleisure it's this really fun mint
green sports bra but it's really more of
like a lounge wear a bra and to me it's
really reminiscent of the Calvin Klein
sports bras that are really big right
now okay so a hug this really cute gym
shark detailing here and it's I got this
an extra small super lightweight the
thing that I wouldn't work out and this
is something that I would my lounge
where I'm about to go into mountain
climate so I could see myself wearing
that's like a lot just under my ski
stuff giving you like a little bit of
hold but you can see this is like fabric
fabric not it's not letting fabric so
it's not really getting with you a ton
of fold there's not double reinforcement
so this is very much like you and your
significant other hanging out or just
you hanging out and some like three
shorts and this while you do laundry or
something but as far as really cute and
I couldn't resist
I seem to twist I think I'm fine
[Music]
next item is this crop top it says Jim
sharp in the front and had mesh back
which you can see see me through it has
kind of like t-shirt material the back
is mesh which I mentioned this is like
really strong quality and it has these
little side cuts I'm wearing this yeah I
tried it on and I thought the fit was
really nice I think I prefer their
leggings and their sports bras if you're
if you're only going to purchase like
one or two items and this is your first
go with Jim shark I would personally
recommend the sports bra and a pair of
waiting for small I workout in just a
sports bra so a sports bra is my top and
I just think they're a little bit more
intricate and unique but if there's
somebody who's not as comfortable
working on your sports bra then maybe
the shirt would be this the first thing
that you would buy mainly I really like
I think this is super cute and I like it
but it wouldn't be like the strongest
item that I purchased but I think it
looks cute like I have no shady daughter
sister I think it's really cute just
don't like really do too much for me but
I know I'll try it on you guys can
decide for yourselves
[Music]
or just like from a color standpoint
this is one of my favorite color
combination follow Jim shark or like any
major fashion or any major fitness
blogger you've probably seen this color
combination on them and it was kind of
like the first color combo I noticed
about Jim shark and I just love the gray
and the mint color and I initially
thought that I could wear these together
but I don't know that I'd wear this to
the gym unless I had another sports bra
underneath or something like that or
like an additional shirt very I I also
think like I'm gonna wear all of these
outfits like matchy-matchy but you can
mix and match as much as you want it's
just how I'm gonna display it today
because I think I just would be nice for
you to see the outfits as their intended
and then you can personally mix and
match as much as your heart desires or
say I have hips and like the Lulu's I
only wear Lulu I mean workout pants so
that's why I continue to contrast them
they're obviously very different brands
like ginger is way cooler of a brand
right it's like Oh Jim shark whereas
like Lou is approachable brand it's not
super hip so I think Jim shark has like
that cool factor that Lulu doesn't have
but Lulu hasn't know what they're doing
engineered their leggings for women and
so I feel like in my Lulu pants like
things are just like very put together
really nice whereas these are very much
just leggings so it is your body shape
they're not gonna do a time to like help
or hurt you I mean it obviously is going
to like compact you a little bit because
it is active wear but yeah it's not like
a miracle its sides of my hips like I've
always had hips and so I feel like in my
Lulu's that's a little bit more
um disguise than it is in my gym shark
pants so when you're wearing like a
lighter color or colored ones and you
have like I'm not gonna say problem
areas but you have areas but you'd
rather like camouflage a little bit like
these pants don't really do that going
to show you how you are they're
beautiful and you're great the way that
you are but this isn't like a type of
lighting that you put on you're like wow
I've never seen myself look like this
it's like oh that's nice and it's a
pretty color and it looks really cool
you know
[Music]
oh good cut of this drew me like so
quickly it has the side cutouts and then
it has the Jim shark with the little
crisscross in the back like the blue one
that I'm wearing love this bra honestly
I think it's a extra small I probably
could have stood to do the small in this
because the cutouts do come in a little
bit so you might might be showing a
little bit more than you had intended so
if you're between sizes I would
definitely in size up in this just
because I cut out and if it's not the
right size then you might be showing
more than you watch it will reinforce so
you might or might not want to wear this
with another bra depending on how
honestly how large your chest is if
you're a little bit smaller on top then
I think this is more than adequate if
you're a little bit larger than it might
not work that well for you love this
pink and purple I never wear pink and
purple ever I probably stopped wearing
pink and purple color combination when I
was like 12 but I saw this and I was
like that's actually super cute and
really fun and I think with active wear
I like Jeff I like the idea of injecting
more color into what I'm wearing because
I do work out every day and like
sometimes you just need that extra
motivation like I'm really cute so that
I'm inspired to go to the gym you know
what I mean like we have new cute gym
clothes you're like okay let's do this
so I just thought like this was a very
like happy color combo and I would feel
like yeah let's go work out you know
[Music]
but not least these purple and white gym
shark leggings I think I said pretty
much everything you can think of in
terms of the leggings I would say this
is probably my least favorite color
combo sort of small extra small that I
was talking about by the way so
everything is a small encamps except for
the bees are extra small and then both
of the tops or extra smells just when I
saw this in person it just kind of made
me think of like I don't know if the
athletes at your high school wore things
like this but I was Boulder High and we
were purple and that's like I just felt
like I was like a football jock who
would he put them all but that's like a
highly personal situations I don't think
everyone would feel like that but I just
I don't feel like these looked at the
best on these were probably my least
favorite compared on me personally but
they fit very similar to all the others
classic twisting for you
[Music]
so overall thoughts I feel like I shared
a lot of thoughts during the process
takeaways I'm really impressed with the
quality of Jim shark I thought that
everything I received was really well
made really loved the color combinations
I think I've been watching Jim shark for
a while and I haven't purchased know why
I just never really decided to purchase
until recently they had a huge sale and
that's when I purchased all of this by
the way I'm with like limited inventory
but I really liked everything that I
purchased because I've noticed that
their design have come a really really
long way and I really like what they're
putting out this is a really cool brand
that's working a lot with influencers
and kind of gets how the world of sales
is working and how retails should be
changing and supporting influencers and
having it be like a really symbiotic
relationship and I just think that the
ethos of the brand is pretty cool and I
love that they support influencers and
vice versa so this isn't sponsored I
purchased this on my own
but I just I like supporting brands that
are doing cool things and I think that
they are they are a brand that's doing
cool cool stuffs like drawback to the
brand is that this is definitely more
for your weightlifting crowd than it is
for your cardio buddy crowd only because
the reinforcements just really isn't
there or if you're somebody who just
rocks athleisure all day every day then
this is definitely the brand for you
it's really comfy like I can't I can't
stay in my lose after I work out like
they're just not comfortable because
they are so functional whereas these I
could definitely wear them to like
Netflix and chill and to the gym and to
get coffee so I think that they're just
more versatile in terms of your
lifestyle if you have a larger type I
don't think that the sports bras are for
you but if you have a smaller chest I
definitely think that they would be
great II wear color combos we're
definitely the green which I'm wearing
now
I loved the block as a staple also loved
with this color and on
that's necessarily the best on me I just
personally love the gray and make green
color combo just generally my experience
with Jim shark
I bought during a sale so I don't think
I had a regular experience the time
between me ordering which was Black
Friday and me receiving what's today's
date
just set okay so today's December 8th so
December 7th
I received he did let me know that they
were having just high volume because of
the sale and that's why it was such a
long lag between ordering my haul and
receiving it I think if you ordered Jim
shark under regular circumstances that
would happen that was just my personal
experience that said they were very like
transparent about the fact that I was
gonna take longer and I wasn't under
rush to receive any of this I thought I
would do like a Black Friday or Cyber
Monday haul that clearly didn't work out
but whatever it's for vlogmas so I I
understand I think it was just a big
sale and so you expect to wait a little
bit longer of everything I'm keeping it
all some items that I will wear more
than others like I think I'm gonna wear
the blue and the black a lot more than
say the purple but I think there's
always there's always the chill day why
would you be wearing the purple I'm
really impressed with the quality is
really impressed just with overall
designs and like seeing Jim shark
progress as a company I think it's been
really cool than I like big thumbs up
for me I like I had a great experience
with the brand and really liked
everything I got so that's it guys
thanks so much for tuning in please
remember to give this a big old like and
to subscribe and I'll catch you the next
one late
it's beginning to look a lot like
Christmas